{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\b\fs30 The Control Pane
\b0 l:
\fs24 \

\fs28 Tap the icon in the upper left of the collection view to reveal the control panel. This panel provides access to Video Collections and How-To app settings. Collection are listed by How-To Category, Recently Watched or Favorites.\

\fs24 \

\b\fs30 The Options Menu
\b0 :
\fs24 \

\fs28 Tap and Hold on any video thumbnail to reveal the 
\b Options
\b0  menu. Here you will find controls for sharing, saving and streaming the video.\

\fs24 \

\b\fs30 Download vs Streaming
\b0 :\

\fs28 The How-To app is different than other video apps you may have used. Apps like YouTube stream content to your iPhone. When you select a video in the How-To app, the video is downloaded and cached on your iPhone, not streamed. This allows you to watch these how-to videos in the field, where you may not have a connection to the internet.\

\fs24 \

\b\fs30 The Recently Watched Collection
\b0 :\

\b\fs28 Recently Watched
\b0  videos are cached on your device. You can set the number of cached videos in 
\b Settings
\b0  (default is 10 videos). Videos that are currently in the cache are marked by a downloaded icon. You can see all the videos in your cache in the 
\b Recently Watched
\b0  collection. As new videos are downloaded, older videos in the cache are removed.\

\fs24 \

\b\fs30 The Favorites Collection
\b0 :\

\fs28 You can add any video to your 
\b Favorites
\b0  collection from the 
\b Options
\b0  menu. Access the options menu with with a tap and hold on its thumbnail. Videos in your 
\b Favorites
\b0  collection are marked with a star icon, and are saved on your iPhone until you remove them. Use the 
\b Options
\b0  menu to remove a favorite video.\

\fs24 \

\b\fs30 Video Resolution
\b0 :\

\fs28 Settings allows you to choose between 1080p and 720p (the default) resolution. You will see no difference in playback quality on you iPhone, but may want to switch to the higher resolution of 1080p for playback on a large HDTV monitor. 1080p videos will take longer to download, and increase the file size of the app considerably.\

\fs24 \

\b\fs30 File Size
\b0 :\

\fs28 Each saved 720p video adds approximately 30 MB to the size of the app, so keep this in mind before you increase the 
\b Recently Watched
\b0  cache amount, or save videos to your Favorites. You can see the total size of your saved videos in 
\b Settings
\b0 , and clear all the videos in your 
\b Recently Watched
\b0 , your 
\b Favorites
\b0 , or both.}